hey guys Fisher Gohan estate Caesar and
people requested me I do a another
Cartoon Network collection update for
what I have so far and well what you're
looking at right now is my Batman
collection my family animated series
DVDs and Justice League and then the
movies on blu-ray but anyway there is no
one down here instead of up there but
the question is is because I want to at
least do some honorable mentions first
before I go into it it's because I would
like to show you what I have here
powerful girls the main event on DVD and
gorgeously many seasons one I would
these are honorable mentions because I'm
going to be dictating different versions
of these because when I got this one the
case was broken and like the pieces in
it I and I and I also tried super gluing
it back together like if you guys saw
them I posted on my Facebook fan page I
asked people out of us and I tried super
gluing it but it didn't work and this
one there's a there's a encoding error
on what wrong with the first disc so it
doesn't want to play on anything as it's
my computer so I'm going to be getting
any budget of that I should be getting
that for my birthday next month and then
over here are the things that I haven't
watched yet but I do have storm hawks
johnny test i TPX
where there is tonality and courtesy
network and secret saturdays running one
and top of girls down to dirty these are
all the things that i haven't watched
yet these are all things to the program
now that all of whoops that is out of
the way I can get on and I can show you
what I have okay so over here the very
very very left
I have hanna-barbera cartoon network
crack-ups and I have it on the 15
perforations of it
really I have this the snap case version
actually have three different versions
but I'll get to that in a minute
and then I have the regular version and
then I have Cartoon Network Halloween
collection Network Christmas Collection
Network Halloween to Cartoon Network
Christmas to Christian network Halloween
three Cartoon Network Christmas three
coaching network Fridays Powerpuff Girls
Powerpuff Bluff edit Nettie volume one
ed Edd n Eddy volume two kids next door
super hugest mission failes number one
kids next door
super hugest mission follows volume two
Samurai Jack the premiere moving Billy
and Mandy big boogies adventure both hi
hi puffy AmiYumi volumes both star wars
the clone wars volumes chowder vol 1 the
complete season of total drama island
Ben 10 alien force volumes 739 Ben 10
race against time Ben 10 alien swarm
generator rex adventure time a queue for
people in adventure time it came from
the nightosphere regular shellac pact
Johnny Bravo season 1 curse Carly dog
season 1 Dexter's Lab season 1 and for
kids favorites of a part of turnover
it's like pretty much the first disc of
this the first disc of this first disc
of this and then this person read na
going to so basically what that is and
then here I have a bootleg I made of ed
n eddy big picture show and then here I
have vibrating the bold in one part one
which is Christian glue is on the back
and bring the bolt is in one part to
question Eric logo is on the back and
season two part one like all the logos
are like right there
excusing to part one believe it or not
like this one is the last one of all the
bad memory of the bolts inside the
cartoon ever close though so season two
new part 2 does not in season 3 doesn't
then up here I have a classic scooby-doo
VHS tape I have another classics can we
do the edges taste in but that's the
blockbuster one I guarantee get it up
and show you and then here I have
scooby-doo greatest mysteries it comes
with a bonus episode of The Powerpuff
Girls
scooby-doo's creepiest capers and then
here's the third version of course
they're a crack-up sort of one I had it
since I was a kid the VHS version - goo
me do spookiest tails a Flintstones
Christmas Carol I have Jolly jolly time
popcorn brand VHS of Yogi Bear let's not
lose right there and then you'll give
very little bug bear uh I have two
different versions of this Dexter's
Laboratory basic of interest VHS I had
the clamshell and the regular I'm going
to Texas lab ego-trip pile of girls I
have every single VHS tape except for me
meet the Beatles I have every single day
just except for meet the Beatles I have
Powerpuff Girls movie in the regula
slow-paced version and I have Bob girls
to us to fight before Christmas in the
clamshell and then I have Samurai Jack
so yeah as you can see I even had to get
a new shelf because it was getting too
big my collection was getting too big so
I move it um but yeah it's ever-growing
I'm continuing to get more and more
stuff uh continuing like every day
getting more and more stuff I'm going to
be getting the 20th anniversary stuff
soon I know I don't have the Edit any
season sets yet to be honest I I'm
actually waiting to buy those and the
Edit many seasons that's when it comes
to DVD are going to be the one of the
last few things that I get because
honestly ed n eddy is like my favorite
show of Cartoon Network so I think that
that regardless of what comes afterwards
my collection will already be complete
as long as there
collection so I'm kind of waiting you
know getting some Schauder getting some
ben10 getting some adventuretime in the
meantime you know getting some Powerpuff
Girls
kind of waiting on that that those that
in any season says that I will get
eventually oh and another thing I
actually do have sausage over measuring
friends season two but it is not with me
that extremely rare DVD set
I do have Foster's Home for Imaginary
Friends season two I have an old one box
like if you don't believe me there's
there I have an old unboxing video of me
unboxing it so I do own it but it's just
not with me it's in a friend of Mines
house so um yeah I do have that and but
I don't have the first season I need to
pick that up I picked it I bought it
once but didn't come with the slipcover
so I just gave it away to a friend um
yeah so catch you guys later